the opposite direction
yes
talking about a captain would take me not only minutes and not examples
gentlemen put instants that were recorded in the memory of the fans
they are men referring
leaders and that according to acts within the field of play
with the shield of an entire staff that is inspired by the pitch and that
at the end of the road he wrote his name in the history of a club talking about a
captain of a true captain
would bring me great memories of epic battles that have remained in the
memory of a lifetime
the colors or in a shield
the captains are as big as a goal scorer
an archer but as special as the history of a club
according to the PSOE one lives in each match and its style as characteristic as that of
an amateur for example of it are names like those of marco antonio
figueroa
darío franco and why not
from omar trujillo
in recent times we still vibrate know two golazos the eternal ghosts
and the skin will not be left and I would not like to dedicate emotion
a guy who was a leader
the one that had the pride of connecting with the Morelia fans like no one else did
they played tournaments
and the site became vacant
until an Argentine who possessed the blood of a champion
zedillo as the leader
the referent of a golden age in arrears
the time was passing and his moment came to the end
and that badge deserved to change its owner
the one in charge of owning it omar trujillo
a simple Moreliano and that very to his style ported
maybe gray as his personality
but that he never stopped fighting on the pitch
the heir of so distinguished places mauricio rosemary
time is all the requirements to consolidate as a large
Argentinean central defense defender quickly locate him as the successor of
darío franco
his leadership is evident but his time is still short
however nobody like him to fill that gaffe
that's why the greats have behaved in Morelia did not forget other great ones like
were mario díaz judge chilean juan angel busts yes maybe
others who have forged the history of a club as big as their hobby
Monarchs Morelia